Horns of War

Composer: Kristofer Eng

The enemy is at the gate…you’re hideously outnumbered. You steel yourself for the inevitable while at your back the horns of war are sounding. 
Easily our most dramatic theme and one that is more than capable of raising the hairs on the back of your neck. A heavy, formidable piece that will inspire every gamer’s warrior within to not go down without a fight! Featuring climactic strings, militant percussion a haunting choir and punctuated by the eponymous horns – “Horns of War” is a must have for epic battle scenes/levels and is guaranteed to get any player’s blood pumping!

Tracks:

Track 1 : Low
Track 2 : Strings & Choir
Track 3 : Harmony & Horns
Track 4 : Percussion

Stinger 1 is a "Short Ending" stinger
Stinger 2 is a "Medium Ending" stinger
Stinger 3 is a "Long Ending" stinger
Stinger 4 is a "Short Pickup" stinger
Stinger 5 is a "Long Pickup" stinger


About the composer:

Kristofer Eng is one of the founders and the initial architect for the Elias music engine. Working as the head of the musical 
department at Elias Software he spends his time developing and improving the engine itself, as well as producing a steady stream
of new original compositions for the Elias production music library. If you would like to hire Kristofer for your next production, 
you can do this in one of two ways:

1. Contact Elias Software and request a theme which will then be added to the music library. The theme will be composed based on 
your requirements, but will then be made available for purchase on the website. You do not own the theme, but you can use it under 
the same terms as the other themes in our library. Contact Elias Software for a custom quote.
2. If you would like exclusive rights/a total buyout of the music, you may contact Kristofer privately. He would then act independently
as the composer for your title, and you would own full and exclusive rights to all the material. This would be a more expensive option
 than the one described above, but guarantees that the music in your game will be unique and entirely your own.

Email: kristofer.eng@eliassoftware.com